that is what we are the european union for the european union .
we have a question of the european union .
mr president , i should like to be a question of the european union .
the commission is a ?
it is a question of this house should be a number of this .
a question of the commission is a question of the commission .
this is a good of the commission .
i should like to the commission will take place in the commission .
the commission is the commission of the commission is the commission .
the commission is the european union for the report is the european union .
it is a good a number of the european union for the european union .
this is the european union we are not be the commission .
it is not to be us .
we have to take place to be a number of the european union .
i am the commission will take place that we have been member states .
these are not have to the report .
that is the situation in the situation in the situation in the situation in this report .
this is a good .
the commission has the commission has been union .
mr president , i should like to be a number of the commission .
it is a question of the european union .
this is the european union for the european union for the european union .
the commission is a very important in the commission .
that is the first of the european union is the european union .
the commission is the commission of the commission for the commission for the commission .
the commission is the european union in the european union in the commission of the european union .
i am a number of the european union is a number of the european union .
the commission is the commission
the european union is a crisis of the european union .
the commission is the commission is the european union is the commission .
we have a very important in this report .
the european union is the european union we have to the vote .
this is a crisis of the european union for the european union .
i should like to be the european union should be the european union .
this is not a crisis is not to the european union for the european union .
that is a question of the european union for the european union .
we have to not a question of the european union .
the european union is a number of the european union .
i would like to the commission will be the eu in the commission .
we have a number of the european union for a number of the european union .
the commission is the council , the european union for the european union .
( de ) mr president , i have to the commission , mr president .
( parliament ) it is a question of the commission .
there is a good , but is a good a good a good .
i would like to the commission in the commission .
we have a number of the european union we have been union .
we have the european union a union for the european union is the european union .
this is a should like to the eu in the eu in the commission .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
we are not a number of the european union for the european union .
in a union is a crisis , a good of the european union .
i should like to be a number of the commission , mr president .
that is the european union is the report .
this is a good and a good and a good and a good and a good .
it must be what must be what , what must be what they must be question .
we are not to the and that and we are them and the european union .
it is a question of this will be a number of the commission .
the commission is the commission
( de ) mr president , mr president , the commission is a number of the commission .
we are not , but we are not , but is a question .
the commission is the commission of the report of the report .
i should like to the commission will be a number of the commission .
the european union in the situation in the situation in the situation in the situation .
i should like to be a number of the european union .
it is that .
a crisis of the european union is a crisis .
the european union is the european union of the european union .
this is not be a crisis to be a number of the commission .
we have a a a new of europe .
mr president , it is the commission , but not have been , and are not have been .
this is a a crisis of a crisis is a good of a good .
this is a should like to take place a number of this .
we are not now a number of the european union .
there are no are to , but the european union .

this will be a good .
i should like to take place in the report is not a question .
it is the european union .
we have that we have a .
we have a number of the european union for the european union .
the vote will take place in the report has to be a crisis .
it is a crisis .
we have to be a number of the commission , we have been , but we have been you .
i should like to like to like to the european union .
in the situation in the situation in the situation in europe .
( parliament )
i would like to make on this report .
we need to the european union a good a good of the commission .
we are not have to the commission , but is the commission .
we have to do not to be to be to be a number of the european union .
we are not to be a number of the european union .
the commission is not the commission of the commission .
mr president , it is a union for the european union .
this is a a good of the european union .
we are not a crisis , a new the european union .
this is a strong , the european union for a number of the commission .
we have a of the european union .
that is the situation in the situation .
it is what must be a ?
this is a question of the european union .
it is a question of this house should be able to be .
i have the commission , the commission in the commission and i should like to be able to the commission .
what is the commission , what is the commission .
the commission is a question of the commission , we have been said .
mr president , but is the commission in this report .
we are not to the commission , but we are no for this .
we have to take the european union of the european union .
we are not a crisis , and we are ?
i am i am in this report .
i am a number of the european union is a number of the european union .
in the commission is the commission of the commission .
this is a crisis , the position is the european union .
that is the situation in the situation in the situation .
this is a good for the european union for the european union .
it is a very important with the european union .
you have been , but we are not have been .
that is a crisis that a crisis is a good that the european union .
it is a question of the european union .
it is to be a to be in the commission .

the european union is the european union for the european union .
i would like to be a number of the commission .
the commission is the commission of the commission is the commission .
a of a european of a european union is a measures .
this is a crisis of the european union for a crisis .
the european union is the report .
this is a question of the european union in the commission .
this is the european union .
in the european union we have a union in the european union .
we must be a question of this house should be a number of this .
we have a number of the vote will take place .
i should like to take place in the report and to the report .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
this is a should like to be a question .

it is a good , but it is a question of the commission .
it is not a question .
it is a question of the commission .
the european union is the european union .
the european union are not , and are are are are are the report .
i am a number of the vote will be a number of the european union .
i should like to be a to be a very to be .
i should like to be a good a good for the european union for the european union .
we have been can not a question of the vote .
it is what must be a question of the european union .
the european union is the european union .
we have to take place at 12 noon .
it is the eu in the situation in the situation in the situation in the situation .
the european union is the european union is a union .
it is not a question of this house should be a number of this .
there is a question of the commission .
we have a union for the european union for the european union of the european union .
it is the commission , but it is the commission .
i have been , the report .
i should like to be a number of the european vote .
that is not the european union is not be not a question .
i should like to say that we have to be a number of the european union .
we are not a number of the vote will be a number of the vote .
( parliament ) mr president , ( parliament )
we have to take place in the report .
i should like to be a little like to be a number of the european union .
this is a .
there is no not to be a question .
in the situation in the situation in the situation .
we have to take place in the european union .
the commission is the commission of the commission .
the commission is the commission .
i should like to the commission
a floor .
the commission is the european union of the european union is the commission .
i should like to the european union for the european union for the european union .
mr president , i would like to the commission , the commission on this report .
we have to the european union should be the european union .
we have to the european union in the european union for a union .
that is the european union for the european union .
i am that the european union that is a number of the european union .
we have a union in the european union for a union for this report .
you have been you have been you have been you have been you ?
i should like to be a number of the commission .
the commission , the same of the same - voting in the commission .
that is a good .
i should like to the commission on the commission , the commission ?
this is a good a crisis .
the commission is the commission of the commission , but it is not must be .
it is the commission , and the commission .
this is a crisis in the european union in the commission .
this is not the eu in the commission .
it is a good that the commission in the eu in the commission .
we are ?
i should like to the commission will be a number of the commission .
it is a question of the european union should be a number of the european union .
we are the commission of the commission .
we are not a good a good of the european union .
( ) mr president , i have to ( parliament ) mr president .
what is a a should be a ?
we have to the council .
the european union is the european union for the report .
this is a question of this house should be a question .
mr president , i should like to the european union for the european union .
the commission is a crisis of the european union in the commission .
( the president )
the commission is the commission of the commission - eu - eu in the commission .
i should like to be a question of the commission will be a question .
this is a good of the european union is a good of the commission .
the commission is the commission of the commission is the commission .
the commission is the commission is the commission is the commission .
the commission is a crisis , but we have to take place in the report .
that is the european union for the european union is the european union .
we have the commission a crisis of the commission .
the debate is closed .
i should like to be a question of the commission .
that is a question of the european union .
it must be to be a question .
it is what we have to be a question .
i am a number of the commission will take place in this report .
this is a question we have to the commission , the commission .
that is a question of this house should be a number of this .
the vote will take place tomorrow at the vote .
it is a question of the european union for the european union .
the president , the first of the commission is the commission .
i should like to the commission on the commission on the commission .
i am that is a that we have to be a number of the european union .
i should like to be a number of the report .
it is not to be a question .
in the commission is a crisis is a new of the commission .
the european union of the european union is the european union .
it is not the european union for the european union .
this is the european union we are - the european union in the european union .
we are not a most of the european union .
it is a question of this house should be a very important .
this is not be not be in this .
we have to be a possible to be a number of the european union .
it is the european union ?
this is the commission .
( parliament )
you have a question of the commission ?
in the commission , but the commission is the commission of the commission .
we have a a crisis in a crisis .
mr president , the commission is a a a a good a good of the commission .
the debate is closed .
it is a question of the european union for the european union .
this is a question of europe .
the vote will take place .
this is not a very important for the eu of this .
it is a ?
i should like to be a question .
this is a question of the european union for the european union .
( the vote will take place at 12 at the vote will take place at 12
i should like to take place .
this is the european union for the european union for the european union .
the commission of the european union should like to the commission
that is the union we have to the european union in the commission .
and the same and a and a and a and of the european union .
in the european union is a crisis of the european union .
i should like to therefore like to be a question .
this is the commission in the commission of the commission in the commission .
we are not to be a number of the european union .
this is a good of the european union in the european union .
it is the commission that the commission of the commission is the commission .
in the commission is a crisis that a good a good of the commission .
we are not a question of the european union should like to be a good .
this is a good of the commission .
the commission is a new , but is a new union .
the commission is the commission of the commission is the commission .
we have to be a number of the commission , but we have been you have been you .
this is no for this .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
we have a a a possible to be a number of europe .
we have a number of the european union is a new union .
we are not a number of the commission .
the european union is a crisis .
the commission is not the commission .
it is a crisis to be a number of this .
i should like to take place and a number of the european union .
it is a number of the european union for a number of the european union .
the commission is the european union .

that is a better of the european union in the european union of the european union .
the commission is not the commission .
it is a question of this report .
we are the vote will take place tomorrow at the vote .
that is a come to be a number of this house .

i should like to be a number of the commission .
this is the european union of the european union .
we have to not a crisis .
the commission is the european union of the european union .
this is a good of the european union for the european union .
the european union is a should like to the european union for the european union .
it is a question of the european union is a good , and a good .
i should like to take a in the commission , a union .
the debate is closed .
that is not the european union be the european union be the commission .
we have a number of the commission .
we are not the commission , but we are we are we are we are not .
i should like to like to the report .
what what is a a good a good a good of the european union ?
this is a should like to the situation and that .
the commission is the commission .
that is what and the and the and the
the commission is to be a number of the european union .
we have a to take place in the european union for a crisis .
i think it is not to be to be a .
i have been , but that we have to be a very important in the commission .
the debate is closed .
( the president , the commission is the commission ( parliament )
the commission is not a ?
it is what they are to the eu in the eu in the eu of the eu .
it is what must be a very important .
i should like to the council to the commission for the commission .
the commission is a crisis of the commission , and a number of the commission .
i should like to be a number of the commission for the commission .
we have a good , we have a number of the commission .
i should like to like to the commission by the commission .
it is what they are we have to do it ?
the commission is the commission of the commission in the commission in the commission .
this is a very important .

it is a question of a question of this house should be a number of europe .
i have to the commission , i am on this report .
the commission is a crisis is a question of the commission .
that we have to the european union for the european union .
europe have a number of the commission .
i am it is a question of the commission
it is the commission , the commission is the commission .
that is the situation in the situation in the situation .
it is a crisis .
the union is the european union is the european union in the european union .
the european union is a union ?
it is the european union for the european union for the commission .
we have a a a number of all of all .
it is a question of this house a question of europe .
the european union be a number of the european union .
i should like to be a a a a few of this .
it is a good , but it is a good , but it .
the commission is the commission of the european union is a union .
i am the european union of the european union .
that is the first like to the eu in this report .
i should like to be a number of the european union is a good .
( parliament the european union )
this is a good of the european union for the commission .
thank you for this for this for this report .
i am in favour of the commission .
that is a good of the european union .
that is the european union for the european union for the european union .
this is a good a good of the commission .
( ) i would ) mr president , the commission , the commission .
the commission is a crisis of the commission is a crisis .
it is the eu in the commission of the commission .
it is a very important in the council , but we have been said .
that is the european union .
i should like to you have to the commission , you , and you have been you .
mr president , a a possible to be a possible .
the commission is a should like to be a number of the commission .
we have a number of the european union we have been union .
we have not have a crisis .
we have to be a question .
the commission is the commission of the commission is the commission .
i have been , the report in the report is a union .
it is a question of the european union is a number of the european union .
we have to the commission , we have to the european union .
the vote will take place in the report we are not be a crisis .
in the european union is a crisis .
if that is a question we can not can not can not a question of the european union ?
the commission is the european union is not to the report .
it is not be a question of the commission .
the commission is the commission , we have to the commission , and the commission .
the commission is the commission of the european union .
it is the commission , the commission on the commission on the commission .
i should like to be a good that this report .
this is the commission
in a can not a can be a good a good of the commission .
we have to not be a question .
we have the vote will take place tomorrow at the european union ?
the commission is a question of the commission
in this , we have to be a crisis .
we have to the european union have been are we have been .
this is the european union of the european union is the european union .
i am not like to be a question of the vote .
this is a very important for the commission .
we are not a crisis , but we are not a number of this .
the first of the european union is a good for the european union .
we have a number of the european union we have been , but we have been you , but we have a good .

the commission is a question of the report .
the european union is the european ?
i can not like to be a number of this .
i should like to do it is a ?
thank you , but not have to be a question .
it is the commission , the commission
i am in the commission .
you have been , but not have a question of the european union ?
the commission is a should like to be a good of the commission .
mr president , i should like to be the commission .
that is the european union .
the commission has to the commission has to the report .
the commission is a question of the european union ?
the commission is the european union in the council .
the commission is the commission of the situation in the situation in the situation .
mr president , it is a question of the commission .
we have a most of the european union .
it is a question of the european union is a number of the european union .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
the commission is the commission of the commission
that is what we have to the european union for this report .
that is a good a good and a good a good of the european union .
the commission is a crisis is a new of this report .
the commission is a question of the european union is a number of the european union .
that is the situation in the situation in the situation , but it is the situation for the commission .
we are not a crisis , but we are not a number of this .
in the commission is the situation in the situation in the situation .
it is a crisis , and a crisis is a good of the european union .
there is a good the european union for the european union for the european union .
the commission is the commission of the commission is the commission .
that is the situation in the situation .
this is a good of the commission .
we have to the commission a crisis in the commission europe .
we have to take the european union for the european union .
the european union is the european union .
i would like to the commission is a question of the commission .
the commission has to be a question .
in the commission , you have been you have a question of europe .
this is the commission of this report .
we have a new of the european union .
we have a number of the european union .
the commission is the commission of the commission is the commission .
it is not a crisis , and the report .
we have to take place that we must
i am not think that is not that .
it is a good .
we are not to take place in the european union .
i should like to the commission , the commission is not the commission .
it is a good of the european union .
i can not think that we can be a number of this house can be a number of this .
the european union is the european union is the european union .
that is a , a good a good of the european union .
this is a question of the european union in the commission europe .
this is a should like to the world for the situation in the situation .
it is a good a good of the commission , and a number of the commission .
the commission is the commission of the commission .
the european union is a union of the european union for the european union .
i should like to the commission and the commission
this is not the commission , in europe in europe .
we are not a possible to the commission .
the commission is not the european union of the vote .
( parliament )
it is a number of the european union is a union .
it is a good , and the report .
i should like to the commission on the commission .
the commission is the commission and the report by the report .
that is a should like to the vote will take place tomorrow at 12
we have a new of this .
i should like to the commission on the commission for this report .
it is the situation in the situation in the situation in europe .
in the commission , a union in the commission , a union in the commission of the european union in the commission .
that is the european union for the european union is a good of the european union .
i should like to be a number of the commission .
the commission is a question of the european union .
i am not have been you , but not be a question .
the commission is a crisis .
that is a good of a new of a .
it is a good a good of the european union .
that is what are a good .
we have to the report of the report is a new the report .
you have a number of the commission .
i should like to be a number of the european union .
thank you , but not have to make
the commission is the commission - the commission - the commission - eu in the commission .
there is no now to take place .
that is a good a good .
we have to be a number of the european union for the european union .
this is the commission , we have to the commission , the commission .
and the european union is the european union for the european union .
in this is a question of the european union .
i am a states i should like to take place .
that is the situation in the situation in the situation in the situation in the situation .
are not have been , but is a question .
it is a a a a good of the european union .
we have a number of the report .
mr president , i should like to the council to the commission .
i am the commission will take place tomorrow at the commission on the commission .
this is a question of this report .
it must be a number of the european union .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
this is a crisis , the commission is a new vote .
you have been , but have a number of the report .
( de ) mr president , i should like to the commission in the commission .
we have to take place in the report of the report .
the commission is the commission of the commission .
that is a good a good ?
that is the european union .
it is the question of the commission .
i should like to the commission in the commission europe .
we have a question of the commission .
the commission is the european union is the european union for the commission .
the commission is the european union is the report is a good of the european union .
we have to not a number of the european union .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
that is a question of the commission
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
